Enhancement: Add userdata parameter to automatically select the pen tool. (#19952)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/administration/customize.md

| ----------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `userdata-bbb_multi_user_pen_only=` | If set to `true`, only the pen tool will be available to non-participants when multi-user whiteboard is enabled | `false`       |
| `userdata-bbb_presenter_tools=`     | Pass in an array of permitted tools from `settings.yml`                                                         | all enabled   |

> | `userdata-bbb_multi_user_tools=`    | Pass in an array of permitted tools for non-presenters from `settings.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userdata-bbb_multi_user_tools=`    | Pass in an array of permitted tools for non-presenters from `settings.yml`                                      | all enabled   |
```

| `userdata-bbb_multi_user_pen_only=` | If set to `true`, only the pen tool will be available to non-participants when multi-user whiteboard is enabled | `false`       |
| `userdata-bbb_presenter_tools=`     | Pass in an array of permitted tools from `settings.yml`                                                         | all enabled   |
| `userdata-bbb_multi_user_tools=`    | Pass in an array of permitted tools for non-presenters from `settings.yml`                                      | all enabled   |

> | `userdata-bbb_pen_select=`    | If set to true, allows viewers to start multi-user whiteboard with pen tool selected.                                      | false  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userdata-bbb_pen_select=`    | If set to true, the defult tool for viewers when multi-user whiteboard is activated will be the pen tool.                                      | false  |
```
